///   questionnaire  group_10
Gianluca Salvioni, Matthew Shelley, Gilho Ahn, Ina Kristine Berentsen Kullmann

(Feel free to add text and comment, in particular what did function well, what functioned less well, how can we improve etc etc)

1) What where your expectations and were they met?
Did not have much expectations..(?)

2) Was the course useful?
The course has been useful to practise with the theory of shell model methods, to see connections between the theory and the corresponding physics investigated by experiments, to work in group to produce a basic code.

3) What is your overall experience?
Good. The project/coding was the best academic part - learning hands on is really useful. Socially also a very good experience. 

4) Daily workload
Daily workload was adequate if the computational project and the exercises were distributed among the group members. It would be interesting if everyone could practise with both, but then the time would not be enough as is now. The amount of lectures could be reduced without loss of too much needed theory. 

5) Interactions with instructors
Good! The instructors have been really helpful and open to answer questions. 

6) Content of lectures
The content of lectures was interesting. It was a pity that the time run out to go deep in the subjects of the last week, like effective interaction, tensor interaction…(But these subjects would only be interesting for the students having the proper (theory) course background, the prerequisites for the course would have to be changed to do this.)
The lectures given by  Alexandra, Gustav and Robert were likewise useful, but it would be nice if they were more connected with the final project and exercises.

7) Pedagogical quality of lectures
The first lectures connecting theory and the code was very pedagogical! Some of the lectures on NuShellX was less pedagogical; (1) it is hard to learn by looking at the lecture notes when scrolling through them in the lectures, (2) some of the students did not have the proper background to follow the “nuclear language” used, (3) when teaching NuShellX features it might not be most effectively to “show” how things work with the computer on the projector (then one forget by the time you can try yourself) - maybe its better to have some sort of interactive learning where the students can run the calculations at the same time?

8) Interest and relevance of exercises
It was useful to see how the NuShellX code may be run, but there was not enough time for everyone to do it, so we had to choose who would focus on the exercises - so only a few of us learned how to use NuShellX. 

9) Level of exercises
Appropirate level given help while working on them.  

10) Interest and relevance of computational projects
The computational project was absolutely relevant to the subject studied and well scheduled in small steps. (I would suggest this is what made the summer school way better than most summer schools.)

11) Level of computational projects
It was good that the level of the computational project was affordable, with a lot of possible improvements for the groups able to complete the basic tasks in advance. [Ina: I dont understand this sentence…]

12) Interactions with fellow students
The learning environment was very good, friendly and casual. A very good social atmosphere! 

13) The working environment at the ECT
The working environment at ECT was quite fine, with free space where groups could work on their own. The room where we had the lectures on the 2nd and 3rd week was not the best (small and warm).

14) Living accomodations
Good standard, but for the social life after class it would be better if everyone lived closer / at the same place.

15) Other topics you think are useful to mention

16) Would you attend other Talent courses and would you recommend colleagues and fellow students to attend?
Yes, I would attend another Talent course and I would recommend it. 
